---
source: https://www.intacct.com/ia/docs/en_US/releasenotes/2024/2024_Release_1/Cash_Management/2024-R1-bank-time-zone.htm
release: 2024-R1
extracted: 2026-02-07
title: "Bank transaction dating—Generally available"
---

# Bank transaction dating—Generally available

We launched Bank transaction dating under an Early Adopter program in the 2023 Release 2. Now, Bank transaction dating is generally available for all users.

You can now control the dating of bank transactions based on the time zone of a bank account. This avoids time zone anomalies that can occur with bank transaction dates and transactions generated from creation rules.

## Details

Before, transactions generated by creation rules were dated based on the company time zone. And, bank feed transactions were dated based on the user time zone or the company time zone, which could cause inconsistent matches for reconciliation.

Now, you can set the time zone on the bank account. This setting determines the time stamps for both created transactions and bank feed transactions, helping to increase matches and speed up reconciliation.

If you do not set a time zone on the account, the time zone on your My preferences page is used. If no time zone is set on your My preferences page, the company time zone is used.

## How it works

1. Go to **Cash Management** > **Setup** > **Accounts,** select the appropriate account and select **Edit**.
2. Find the option for **Banking cloud time zone** and select a time zone.
3. Select **Save**.

## Requirements

| Subscription | Cash Management Sage Cloud Services                                                                        |
| ------------ | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Permissions  | Credit card accounts: List, Add, Edit Checking accounts: List, Add, Edit Savings accounts: List, Add, Edit |
